GCP Getting Started (#532)
NVIDIA/NVTabular: README.md

conda install -c nvidia -c rapidsai -c numba -c conda-forge nvtabular python=3.7 cudatoolkit=10.2
```

#### Google Cloud Platform (GCP)

> Google Cloud Platform (GCP) offers [Compute Engine instances with NVIDIA GPU Supporrt](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/gpus). This example uses a VM with 8x NVIDIA A100 GPUs, and 8 local SSD-NVMe devices configues as RAID 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Google Cloud Platform (GCP) offers [Compute Engine instances with NVIDIA GPU Support](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/gpus). This example uses a VM with 8x NVIDIA A100 GPUs, and 8 local SSD-NVMe devices configured as RAID 0.
```
